What’s your all-time favorite movie or TV show?
If you could eat only one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s your favorite family vacation spot?
Who is your favorite superhero and why?
What’s your favorite thing to do on a lazy day?
Would you rather have the ability to fly or be invisible?
Would you rather live in a house made entirely of candy or a house made entirely of Legos?
Would you rather time travel to the past or the future? Why?
Would you rather have a pet dinosaur or a pet dragon?
Would you rather always have the perfect outfit but never be able to take a picture or always have messy hair but tons of photos?
If you could switch lives with anyone in the world for a day, who would it be and why?
If you won the lottery tomorrow, what’s the first thing you’d buy?
If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live?
If you could instantly learn any skill, what would it be?
What’s one thing you love doing that no one else in the family does?
What’s your go-to karaoke song?
What’s the best book you’ve read recently?
If you could choose a superpower, what would it be?
If you could change your name, what would you change it to?
If animals could talk, which one would be the rudest?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to you?
If you could be any character from a cartoon, who would you be?
If you were a fruit, which fruit would you be and why?
What’s the weirdest food you’ve ever eaten and liked?
If you could be famous for one thing, what would it be?
If you could invent something that doesn’t exist yet, what would it be?
If you could have any job for a day, what would it be?
If you could take a road trip with anyone (alive or dead), who would it be and where would you go?
If you could spend a day in any movie or TV show universe, which one would it be?
What’s your earliest childhood memory?
What was your favorite toy when you were little?
What’s the best prank you’ve ever pulled off?
What’s the silliest thing you used to believe when you were a kid?
What’s the most memorable birthday or family celebration you’ve had?
Would you rather have a family dance-off or a family sing-off?
Would you rather go camping in the woods or stay in a cozy cabin for the weekend?
Would you rather have a family game night or a movie marathon?
Would you rather spend a day with no technology or with no food?
Would you rather share one big bedroom with the whole family or have a different room but never see each other?