What do you think happens when we dream? Where do our dreams come from?
If you could live forever, would you want to? Why or why not?
Do you think animals have feelings like humans? How can we know?
If you could talk to one animal, which one would you talk to and what would you ask?
What would the world be like if everyone could read each other's minds?
If you could make a rule that everyone in the world had to follow, what would it be?
If you could choose any superpower, which one would you pick, and how would you use it to help people?
Why do you think we need to be kind to others? What happens when we're not?
Do you think we’re all connected in some way? How could we be connected?
If you could be the president of the world for a day, what would you do first?
What do you think is the most important thing to have in life: love, money, or happiness?
How would the world be different if there was no such thing as time?
What makes you feel truly happy? What do you think other people need to feel happy?
Do you think it's better to be famous or to be unknown? Why?
What would you do if you saw someone being treated unfairly?
What do you think would happen if people stopped worrying about who’s “right” and just listened to each other more?
If you had a time machine, what moment in history would you visit and why?
If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be, and how would it help people?
Do you think everyone sees the world the same way? Why or why not?
What do you think makes someone a hero? Can someone be a hero without superpowers?
If we didn’t have any rules, what do you think would happen?
What do you think is more important: knowing a lot of things or knowing a few things really well?
Do you believe there are other planets with life on them? What do you think they might be like?
How do you know what’s real and what’s just in your imagination?
If you could change your name to anything, what would you choose and why?
Why do you think people sometimes don’t get along, even when they don’t want to fight?
If we could all understand each other’s feelings without talking, what would the world be like?
Why do you think people sometimes act selfish, and what could they do to be more generous?
Do you think we’re all connected to nature in some way? How do we show that connection?
If you could learn any skill instantly, what would it be, and how would you use it?
What do you think it would feel like to be in someone else’s shoes for a day?
Do you think you can change the future? How?
What makes something beautiful? Can anything be beautiful, or do we need to decide what’s beautiful?
Why do you think we dream about certain things? Can dreams tell us something about ourselves?
If you could make one new holiday that everyone would celebrate, what would it be about?